The right plugins can greatly improve the efficiency and the look the functionality of your website
the wrong plugins can give you problems.
As a general rule only use plugins that are well-reviewed are compatible with your Thien and they are
well supported.
I only use free plugins and these fall into three broad categories.
These are security c o m functionality.
In the last video I talked about the need for protecting your site from hackers.
I use three plugins to protect all of my sites
word fence has a free and a Pro Plan.
The free plan provides quite a high level of protection straight out of the box with its own default
settings.
It's got a 100 percent protection against brute force attacks for example the settings options are quite
extensive and they're best explored yourself using the word friends help service on line.
This is where they recommend optimal settings
scrolling down to the bottom of the dashboard.
You can see that this site has had hundreds of attacks every month
worldwide.
The plug in blocks about 70 million attacks every single day
I use a separate plugin to guard against X s s vulnerability attacks which protects against code script
manipulation.
Note we don't have to fully understand the precise nature of these attacks.
The plugin is simply activated and forgotten
lastly.
I'm building a nice site depending on links to products that I affiliate.
I use an empty click jack plug in click checking is when a hacker plays an I-frame over your page that
is identical to it.
When a user clicks on your banner it is redirected to the hacker site I see that click has been hijacked.
Now we move on to SC O and SightSpeed is becoming more and more of a factor for Google search.
The speed at which your site loads into a browser should be optimized.
It makes sense for a service like Google which tries to provide the best experience for its users to
give preference to fast sites a site that takes longer to load begins to lose visitors.
50 percent of all visitors simply don't wait for it to load.
Once this time exceeds something like 4 seconds
using the following plugins I increase my site load speeds from 4.7 seconds to a little over 1 second
which is a significant improvement images.
Take time to load and display and normally images are processed even if they are not displayed yet.
The A-3 lazy load plugging holes back on the image rendering until the user scrolls down and views them
this saves the initial page load time.
I have a similar plugin called lazy load for videos.
It does the same thing to you too and that's a thumbnail image is displayed and the video code is only
processed when the image is clicked.
The plug in the SMERSH compresses the overall image size without reducing quality.
This also improves Page Speed
WordPress fastest cash delivers a cache file of your posts and pages this plugin alone should reduce
your site load time by two to three seconds.
Moving on to on page see who the plugin called all in one SD o provides a way of writing a targeted
description for your posts.
This is the title and description that Google will display in search results.
So a keyword rich text will help enormously
met a tag manager allows the addition of mental tags which are basically key words
meta tags are not considered to be that important for Google search any more.
But the main keywords in training here can reinforce the overall tone of your post.
I usually add three or four main keywords if it's overdone.
And you add too many.
It could be judged as keyword stuffing which was common years ago because in those days it worked.
The rest of the site is fairly standard with additional plugins used that help with administrative tasks.
It's worth mentioning others that I used to enhance the presentation of clickable banners directing
a user to my affiliate offers the sidebar has many uses and is generally the place where we put a search
bar.
Archived posts and categories these are placed in the form of widgets.
It's a great area for one or two square Banus but with normal functioning there's a problem.
Normally when the user scrolls down to read the post the band is lost from view.
I use a plugin called Q to W3 fixed widget this plugin holds the banners in place once activated the
widget containing the banner.
Code can be selected as stickie.
This means it will be on view the whole time when the user scrolls down the page.
Using another plugin called widget context I can have several Banas each one laser targeted according
to the post content.
A box appears underneath the widget where you can select the posts where the banners are displayed.
It may be from time to time that we want to run a special promotion and place a banner or some text
in every post on the site.
As your site grows this becomes quite a task.
The plug in cold add inserter does this automatically.
Ads can be inserted at the top of a post at the bottom or even two three or four paragraphs down.
It's very flexible and saves a lot of time.
It's fast becoming a requirement for Google that a Web site is labeled H.T. PBS which means that it's
secure.
It has an S S L certificate.
I in the next video I'll show you how to install a free certificate for your site.